# First Meeting
## September 1, 11:15AM-12:05PM

### In attendance
Aasta (apg67)
Erika (ejy25)
Daniel (de229)
Shanee (sl2363)
Ben(bhf32)
David Yang (dhy9)

### Scribe 
David Yang (dhy9)

### Agenda
Team Contract
Schedules
Skills
Contact info

### Minutes
Team Contract (written by Shanee)

Agenda:

Leader writes agenda.

Leader, given sufficient notice, must publish agenda on Slack 2 days before meetings

Team members may ask leader to add specific items to the agenda

The person who arrives late to the meeting writes minutes. By default, Leader writes minutes.

Group/Subteams decide on action items.

Action item deadlines are determined by group within 24 hrs of meeting.

To find consensus:

Majority votes

In event of a tie, specialists have two votes

Contact info on Team Info sheet.

Expectations:

Website updates done by WEDNESDAY the week after Friday.

Members write individual parts and send to Webmaster by MONDAY. Webmaster will concatenate them together.

Subteam deadlines will be decided by subteams, will be clearly delineated on the meeting minutes.

Accountability:

Meetings: really try to go to team meetings!

If not, need to talk to team leader to get updated on what happened.

Get there on time. If you’re late, you write meeting minutes for the rest of the meeting!

Peer reviews on Wednesdays.

Assuming the message is sent during a reasonable time, respond to text messages within 6 hours and emails within 12 hours.

LAB~

Consequences will end in the leader contacting the TA and Professor.

Meetings at ~10:00 on Saturdays~ 6:30PM on Sundays @ ehub

Meeting adjourned.

### Action Items

Lab 1 website by Wednesday (As per contract!!)

Actual website setup due tomorrow (Thanks, Daniel!)

Pictures and video here.

No meeting at 9/2
