Location: Upson 557

Date/Time: Sep 10, 2017, 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm

Leader: Daniel

Attendance: Shanee, Erika, Aasta, Ben, David, Daniel

Scribe: David

### I. Lab 2
  a. Everyone has read the prelab before this meeting
  
  b. Tasks allocated
  
    i. Shanee will learn about the ADC, analogRead, and how to work with it in this lab
    
    ii. Erika will develop the analog circuitry for frequency cutoff and amplifying
    
    iii. David and Dan will answer the prelab questions
    
    iv. Team division to Optics and Acoustics
    
      .  Optics: Aasta, Erika, Ben
      
      .. David, Shanee, Daniel
    
### II. Milestone 1
  a. Line following works. Attend open lab hours on Monday (maybe Tuesday too) to enhance line following and get figure 8 working
  
    i. Lab open hours: Tuesday 1:30-6:00, Wednesday 4:30-6:30, and Thursday 1:00-3:00
    
    ii. Attending Monday open lab: David, Ben, Aasta, Erika, Dan
  
### III. Robot Design
  a. Ideas discussed
  
  b. 3D Printing Education
  
    i. Those who don't have Cad will download Fusion 360 and A360 Drive tonight, and start using it this week
    
  c. PCB Design Education
  
    i. Those who don't have PCB software will download PCB Artist tonight and learn to use it this week
    
  c. Structure Design In Progress
  
    i. Ben finished the IR sensor mount
    
    ii. Redesign of parts to start design process this week
    
### IV. Website Design

  a. New Theme was introduced by Aasta

### V. Action Items
  a. Ben, Aasta, Dan: Cad design this week
  
  b. Aasta: Update website with new theme
  
  c. David, Ben, Aasta, Erika, Dan: Attend Open Lab Monday 5:00-6:30

  d. If Robot not progressed enough on Monday
  
    i. Aasta, Erika, Shanee: Attend Open Lab Tuesday (TBD)
    
  e. Download Autodesk Fusion 360 and Autodesk A360 Drive tonight if you want to CAD
  
  f. Download PCB Artist tonight if you want to designs PCBs
